icon docs (#1661)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/nuspec.md

```

#### iconUrl

> [!Important]

> > licenseUrl is being deprecated. Use license instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> icon is deprecated. Use license instead.
```

A URL for a 64x64 image with transparency background to use as the icon for the package in UI display. Be sure this element contains the *direct image URL* and not the URL of a web page containing the image. For example, to use an image from GitHub, use the raw file URL like <em>https://github.com/\<username\>/\<repository\>/raw/\<branch\>/\<logo.png\></em>. 
   
#### icon

> Path to an image file within the package, often shown in UIs like nuget.org as the package icon. Image file size is limited to 1 MB. Supported file formats include JPEG and PNG. We recommend an image resoulution of 64x64.

Reviewer: A markdown linter would tell you to add an empty line between the heading the first line in the paragraph.

> Path to an image file within the package, often shown in UIs like nuget.org as the package icon. Image file size is limited to 1 MB. Supported file formats include JPEG and PNG. We recommend an image resoulution of 64x64.

Author: ```suggestion

Path to an image file within the package, often shown in UIs like nuget.org as the package icon. Image file size is limited to 1 MB. Supported file formats include JPEG and PNG. We recommend an image resoulution of 64x64.
```

> For example, if you are using nuget.exe to create a package from a nuspec:

Reviewer 2: This is the `nuspec` reference doc, so "if you are using nuget.exe to create a package from a nuspec` feels redundant.

Author: I rephrased it to sound less redundant. :)

> For example, if you are using nuget.exe to create a package from a nuspec:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, you would add the following to your nuspec when creating a package using nuget.exe:
```
